Star Trek the fastest growing company in
commercial fitness is proud to introduce
the latest innovation in cardio fitness
the star track coach revolutionising the
weight treadmills are used the star
track coach takes the ordinary treadmill
experience to a new level of engagement
never seen before Star Trek coach is
great because it's a personalized
workout led by professional coach can't
get that anywhere unless you're going to
pay for a running coach or walking coach
the coach teaches you yet she's not just
telling you to go up or down an incline
or speed she's teaching you how to run
teaching how to walk helping you get the
most out of your experience we
interviewed literally hundreds of users
they tried the program out and they're
just amazed that every time I do it it's
going to be different they can't get
that anywhere else
we wanted someone who who could teach
you how to run better teach you how to
walk better and hope you get the most
out of your workout and that's what we
found when Star Trek asked me to be
their running coach and told me about
their concepts of what they wanted I
thought it was an incredible opportunity
this is so perfect to help people take
themselves to that next level the star
track coach is a personalized treadmill
workout led by a real-life professional
coach whether you're a competitive
runner or a daily Walker she can help
you get the most out of your treadmill
workout and your experience will be
different every time there are three
things that epitomizes Star Trek coach
it's efficient makes my workout go by
faster it's effective I work out harder
with the star track coach than I would
without it and it's encouraging I can't
wait to try it again because I know that
every time I do it it's going to be
different it's very easy to use I don't
like computers I'm not a techie person
you get on it what you see is what you
get she's guides you through the workout
from A to Z you can't go wrong you can
if you're a beginner or guru like myself
you're going to get the best workout
possible with over 1 million possible
workout combinations the star track
coach has been designed to be
personalized for every user every time
additional features include multiple
intensity levels and terrain profiles a
dedicated user interface with
proprietary speed memory buttons the
ability to use the built-in soundtrack
or your own music via ipod or USB all
delivered on the embedded touchscreen
display if you're gonna buy a new
treadmill why would you want to get one
that has a built-in coach on there we're
confident that the star track coach can
become very popular in your facility
people are going to be using all the
time and most important they're going to
tell their friends about it and what's
that mean for you it means happy numbers
having the Star Trek trainer to really
brings it to the next level I mean we've
got people waiting in line for these
things they're amazing the star track
coach delivers a treadmill experience
that provides a better workout makes it
go by faster and compels clients to come
back and do it again
at Star Trek we know the future of
fitness lies in delivering a product
that users find efficient effective and
encouraging the future of fitness the
star track coach it's time to expect
different